README.md, before:

# Agent-Tech-Blog-Article
- Agent 관련 자료를 모으고 있습니다.
- Agent를 만드는데 필요한 자료라면 무엇이든 추가할 예정입니다.
- 추가할 자료가 있다면 PR을 남겨주세요.

# 자료 모음
- [2025, Effective context engineering for AI agents](https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/effective-context-engineering-for-ai-agents)
- [2025, Build Agents to be Dependable](https://blog.crewai.com/build-agents-to-be-dependable/)
- [2025, What Matters in AI Agents](https://blog.crewai.com/what-matters-in-ai-agents/)
- [2025, Writing effective tools for agents — with agents](https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/writing-tools-for-agents)
- [2025, Context Engineering for Agents](https://rlancemartin.github.io/2025/06/23/context_engineering/)
- [2025, AI 에이전트를 위한 컨텍스트 엔지니어링: Manus 구축에서 얻은 교훈](https://manus.im/ko/blog/Context-Engineering-for-AI-Agents-Lessons-from-Building-Manus)
- [2025, Multi-Agent Context Engineering : Supervisor Agent를 채택하기까지](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/multi-agent-context-engineering-supervisor-agent%EB%A5%BC-%EC%B1%84%ED%83%9D%ED%95%98%EA%B8%B0%EA%B9%8C%EC%A7%80-sehun-heo-qcdsc/)
- [2025, 새로운 콴다 Agent는 어떻게 만들어졌을까?](https://blog.mathpresso.com/%EC%83%88%EB%A1%9C%EC%9A%B4-%EC%BD%B4%EB%8B%A4-agent%EB%8A%94-%EC%96%B4%EB%96%BB%EA%B2%8C-%EB%A7%8C%EB%93%A4%EC%96%B4%EC%A1%8C%EC%9D%84%EA%B9%8C-0788a7b37b6e)
- [2025, Open Deep Research](https://blog.langchain.com/open-deep-research/)
- [2025, Context Engineering](https://blog.langchain.com/context-engineering-for-agents/)
- [2025, Benchmarking Multi-Agent Architectures](https://blog.langchain.com/benchmarking-multi-agent-architectures/)
- [2025, How and when to build multi-agent systems](https://blog.langchain.com/how-and-when-to-build-multi-agent-systems/)
- [2025, The rise of "context engineering"](https://blog.langchain.com/the-rise-of-context-engineering/)
- [2025, Introducing DeepSearcher: A Local Open Source Deep Research](https://milvus.io/blog/introduce-deepsearcher-a-local-open-source-deep-research.md)
- [2025, I Built a Deep Research with Open Source—and So Can You!](https://milvus.io/blog/i-built-a-deep-research-with-open-source-so-can-you.md)
- [2025, Don’t Build Multi-Agents](https://cognition.ai/blog/dont-build-multi-agents)
- [2025, How we built our multi-agent research system](https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/multi-agent-research-system)
- [2025, A Developer’s Guide to Building Scalable AI: Workflows vs Agents](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-developers-guide-to-building-scalable-ai-workflows-vs-agents/)
- [2025, Agents vs. Workflows](https://huggingface.co/blog/VirtualOasis/agents-vs-workflows-en)
- [2025, The "think" tool: Enabling Claude to stop and think in complex tool use situations](https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/claude-think-tool)
- [2024, Prompting vs JSON Mode vs Function Calling vs Constrained Generation vs SAP](https://boundaryml.com/blog/schema-aligned-parsing)
- [2024, Building effective agents](https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/building-effective-agents)
- [Multi-agent systems](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/concepts/multi_agent/)

# TODO
- 자료 수집
- 자료 분류
- 자료 정리

Commit message:

Update README with additional AI agent resources
Added new resources related to AI agents in the README.

README.md, after:

# Agent-Tech-Blog-Article
- Agent 관련 자료를 모으고 있습니다.
- Agent를 만드는데 필요한 자료라면 무엇이든 추가할 예정입니다.
- 추가할 자료가 있다면 PR을 남겨주세요.

# 자료 모음
- [2025, How agents can use filesystems for context engineering](https://blog.langchain.com/how-agents-can-use-filesystems-for-context-engineering/)
- [2025, Improving agent with semantic search](https://cursor.com/blog/semsearch)
- [2025, Context Engineering for AI Agents: Lessons from Building Manus](https://manus.im/blog/Context-Engineering-for-AI-Agents-Lessons-from-Building-Manus)
- [2025, Effective context engineering for AI agents](https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/effective-context-engineering-for-ai-agents)
- [2025, Build Agents to be Dependable](https://blog.crewai.com/build-agents-to-be-dependable/)
- [2025, What Matters in AI Agents](https://blog.crewai.com/what-matters-in-ai-agents/)
- [2025, Writing effective tools for agents — with agents](https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/writing-tools-for-agents)
- [2025, Context Engineering for Agents](https://rlancemartin.github.io/2025/06/23/context_engineering/)
- [2025, AI 에이전트를 위한 컨텍스트 엔지니어링: Manus 구축에서 얻은 교훈](https://manus.im/ko/blog/Context-Engineering-for-AI-Agents-Lessons-from-Building-Manus)
- [2025, Multi-Agent Context Engineering : Supervisor Agent를 채택하기까지](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/multi-agent-context-engineering-supervisor-agent%EB%A5%BC-%EC%B1%84%ED%83%9D%ED%95%98%EA%B8%B0%EA%B9%8C%EC%A7%80-sehun-heo-qcdsc/)
- [2025, 새로운 콴다 Agent는 어떻게 만들어졌을까?](https://blog.mathpresso.com/%EC%83%88%EB%A1%9C%EC%9A%B4-%EC%BD%B4%EB%8B%A4-agent%EB%8A%94-%EC%96%B4%EB%96%BB%EA%B2%8C-%EB%A7%8C%EB%93%A4%EC%96%B4%EC%A1%8C%EC%9D%84%EA%B9%8C-0788a7b37b6e)
- [2025, Open Deep Research](https://blog.langchain.com/open-deep-research/)
- [2025, Context Engineering](https://blog.langchain.com/context-engineering-for-agents/)
- [2025, Benchmarking Multi-Agent Architectures](https://blog.langchain.com/benchmarking-multi-agent-architectures/)
- [2025, How and when to build multi-agent systems](https://blog.langchain.com/how-and-when-to-build-multi-agent-systems/)
- [2025, The rise of "context engineering"](https://blog.langchain.com/the-rise-of-context-engineering/)
- [2025, Introducing DeepSearcher: A Local Open Source Deep Research](https://milvus.io/blog/introduce-deepsearcher-a-local-open-source-deep-research.md)
- [2025, I Built a Deep Research with Open Source—and So Can You!](https://milvus.io/blog/i-built-a-deep-research-with-open-source-so-can-you.md)
- [2025, Don’t Build Multi-Agents](https://cognition.ai/blog/dont-build-multi-agents)
- [2025, How we built our multi-agent research system](https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/multi-agent-research-system)
- [2025, A Developer’s Guide to Building Scalable AI: Workflows vs Agents](https://towardsdatascience.com/a-developers-guide-to-building-scalable-ai-workflows-vs-agents/)
- [2025, Agents vs. Workflows](https://huggingface.co/blog/VirtualOasis/agents-vs-workflows-en)
- [2025, The "think" tool: Enabling Claude to stop and think in complex tool use situations](https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/claude-think-tool)
- [2024, Prompting vs JSON Mode vs Function Calling vs Constrained Generation vs SAP](https://boundaryml.com/blog/schema-aligned-parsing)
- [2024, Building effective agents](https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/building-effective-agents)
- [Multi-agent systems](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/concepts/multi_agent/)

# TODO
- 자료 수집
- 자료 분류
- 자료 정리
